# Release Notes for v0.9.7.5

v0.9.7.5 is the newest "release" after v0.9.7.2. v0.9.7.3 and v0.9.7.4 occured as version numbers in some commits in the master branch, but were never "tagged" or "released". The following is a list of changes introduced in v0.9.7.5 that do not appear (or were just partially implemented) in v0.9.7.4 (commit ffd840ecada67cee66876159dd4c0ef7ccc894ff):

- Compatibility with newer versions of openssl (as used in Ubuntu 20-24)
- Shell script to edit all files pertinent to setting version number (with vim)
- Compatibility with newer versions of boost, including the proper use of boost::placeholders
- Use heap for i?86-* (32 bit) hosts for the cryptonight hash
- Fix and optimize some rpc commands
- Fix version number in Windows README
- Add more info to the unix/linux build doc
- Change BMW hash implementation for Lyra2REv2. For newer versions of gcc the original code gives incorrect hash values. We replace the affected part with the implementation in the SUPERCOP repository (bench.cr.yp.to/supercop.html).
- Update blake hash code with the latest official implementation (blake2.net)
- Allow for miningAlgo (global variable) to be set in conf file for all used cases in the RPC interface.
- Add secp256k1 as the ECDSA implementation for signature verification (used for Bitcoin Core).
- Clean up LogPrintf output and set some of it to be conditional on debug=1
- Use miningAlgo as default algo for getdifficulty and getnetworkhashps
- Set default average interval for getblockspacing (RPC call) to 25 to be consistent with GetBlockSpacing (function)
- Replace first help line for chaindynamics with "chaindynamics" instead of "chain dyanamics"
- Add mediantime to RPC block info
- Add algo parameter to getblocktemplate and getauxblock. This allows for setting the needed algo without affecting the global miningAlgo variable.
- Fix building/testing for Windows. Fully static binaries can now be easily built
- Add more info to the Windows building documentation
- Fix Qt incompatibility with newer versions of Qt 5
- Add debian packaging files (to build DEB packages that auto install Bitmark Qt and its dependencies), desktop file (to show app in the menu of the desktop environment)
- Update the documentation
- Update version numbers and years
- Fix for the bug where the node returns incorrect block headers for equihash and cryptonight blocks when "getheaders" are requested (headers first sync)
- Add more info to the debug log for the scaling factor and the coinbase value when it pays less than the max
- Add option to disable gigahash conversion for the current and peak hashrate calculations in the RPC
- Use boost's cpp_int instead of openssl's BIGNUM for SSF calculations
